celebrating my 400th episode with a
rundown of my favorite things from the
freezer aisle it's all coming up in this
episode of freezer burns hi welcome to
freezer burns
I'm your host Greg the frozen food
master and you're joining me as I eat my
way through the freezer aisle one box at
a time today I have a momentous occasion
it is the 400th episode of freezer burns
and instead of doing a standard review I
thought I'd do something a little
different to celebrate this I'm going to
answer one of the questions that I get
most often when I run into fans of the
show and that is frozen food master what
do you keep in your freezer now everyone
knows that I get tons of food sent to me
I also always go walk down the freezer
aisle when I load my cart up with stuff
that I want to try it out but when I'm
feeding my kids feeding my wife feeding
myself what do I keep in the freezer so
in this episode I decided I'm gonna go
down the line and explain all the things
that are staples in the frozen food
masters freezer number one monkey bread
I always seem to have a box of this in
my freezer my kids love it my wife loves
it I love it it's easy to prepare it's
like between 350 and $5 depending on
where you get it I love this stuff
Bridgeford monkey bread you just take it
out of the plastic you put it in the
microwave and for those of you who have
remember this episode I gave this a 5
star rating
love this for breakfast love it for
dessert number two Morningstar original
sausage patties now you know I'm a big
meat-eater but I really actually like
this and it's fake meat but you never
would guess it it tastes like real
sausage it's not like regular fake meat
that you're like ok maybe that's me
maybe it's not me this really tastes
like sausage and if you are like a
sucker for breakfast meat like I am but
you don't want all of that fat
I highly recommend this you can cook it
on the skillet in the oven and in the
microwave I always keep a box of this in
my freezer
number three Breyers natural vanilla ice
cream it's got huge nostalgic value for
me I grew up with this ice cream and
sometimes you just need a standard
vanilla ice cream and then you load all
sorts of stuff on top of it this is my
go-to ice cream it's always in my
freezer
Elba Monterrey chicken and cheese
taquitos I always have a bag of this in
my freezer very easy to prepare the
taste is good it's good enough it's
great for parties it's great for a quick
snack it's great for a lunch it's easy
to put it in the oven or you can pan fry
it or you can microwave it but you know
what I've actually tried deep-frying
these two and they're pretty awesome
this bag has 16 Dickey toes and it's
around five dollars but they also have a
bigger bag that's closer to seven or
eight dollars I always have a bag of
this in my freezer next is blueberry
Eggo waffles now say what you will about
frozen waffles or frozen pancakes or
frozen french toast sometimes you just
want a good old waffle to put in the
toaster oven straight out of your
freezer
I love the blueberry flavor of this egg
oh I tried some of the other ones guys
and ones with like flax seed and whole
wheat stuff like that they're just dry
okay I'm not gonna make any excuses I
like egg oh I grew up with egg oh I
always have a box of egg Oh in my
freezer gordon's shrimp poppers
it's basically popcorn shrimp see how I
just flipped that around it's basically
popcorn shrimp but what I will tell you
is don't expect huge pieces of shrimp
there's a lot of breading with shrimp
flavor what I do like about this is this
is a value pack it's a family size it's
a very quick and easy dinner I put it in
the oven I feed it to my kids and the
kids love it pair it with a nice rice or
frozen vegetable you can put right next
to it you've got a full meal shrimp
poppers always in my freezer I'd love me
some pot stickers and ling-ling pot
stickers are always in my freezer
I love these bags i buy them in bulk
they're very easy to prepare are they as
good as homemade absolutely not are they
as good as ones you get at the
restaurant No
but they are the best ones that I've
tried out of the freezer aisle very easy
put some oil in the skillet you put the
frozen ones on top you pour some water
in you steam it and it's a nice
pan-fried finish loveling links these
are the best
finally coleman organic chicken nuggets
these cost a little more than regular
chicken nuggets guys but these are
really awesome and they're guilt-free
when you when you give them to your kids
no antibiotics no added hormones no
preservatives always vegetarian fed they
are organic they cost a little bit more
but you can taste the difference this is
high-end chicken nuggets and I always
have it in my freezer so there you have
it guys
400 episodes of freezer burns I hope you
enjoyed the little pulling back the
curtain and seeing all the stuff that I
keep stocked in my freezer when I
decided to eat frozen and I'm not
reviewing food for all of you guys
here's to 400 more episodes and I'll see
you next time